Phase of the N’Ronok- 10351st Year of the Everlasting Peace

It was such a beautiful day... Arrieth was out picking flowers for the festival later that day. She took Miafina with her in a basket. "She gets every fifth flower I pick!", she said. The elders were all gathered around, talking about the future of the village. Several of the expecting mothers, Arrieth included, delivered their children only a few weeks apart. We had already given a name to the little group of younglings, 'Vellari Pattanam'. It loosely translates to "those who will inherit the future". 

Out of nowhere, the sky split and a terrible, terrible storm just... emerged. It was everywhere, as far as the eye could see. Red lightning struck the ground all around us, but instead of starting fires... hordes of beasts were thrown onto the land everywhere the lightning struck. They were massive, cat-like abominations with hunger and fire in their eyes. In the same instant, a howling wind started, tearing through the land and bringing walls of sand with it. I could no longer see the beasts, but it was impossible to drown out the snarling. It came from everywhere. I only remember running through the sand, beasts soaring over me, screams rising over the howl of the wind all around me. I think I meant to run to Arrieth and Miafina, but it was impossible to know where I was going. I found Elafir in the gale and tried to tell him where I was going, but the wind was getting worse. We held onto each other and found a burrow where we took refuge and... that's all I remember.

When I awoke, Elafir was still unconscious and sand had completely covered the entrance to the burrow. I dug myself out and found... nothing. The storm had subsided and, as far as the eye could see was a wasteland of sand and dunes. I woke Elafir and we trudged through the desert for what felt like eons.

The entire time, we prayed to Myndros. Asking "why? why did this happen?". After... days? of walking, I still don't know if we saw this for real or if it was a hallucination, but we saw Myndros. We were on a cliff, overlooking the wasteland and he was sitting on a rock... sobbing. We pled to him: "Why? Why did this happen?"

He looked at us with tears in his eyes and said "I truly am sorry.” We asked again and again until he finally said “Stop.”  He raised his arms into the air and gestured at the sky above us, the wasteland in front of us, and the ground beneath us, and finally said: “We all deserve to do our best. Including me. For Nobiania. I am so glad you made it. I am so glad you will be here to see what’s to come.”