# The Library Card
# The BASE robbery
We caught a thief who stole information about the wall in Crookwater from [[BASE]] (the Beureu of Archetectural Structures and Engenieering). We let him get away and he promised to find us and repay us later. We later found a note left on our door of where to meet them and we ended the last session at a bar across the street from this location while we waited for the meeting time. While at the bar we got into a fight because the owner thought Yoohan cheated at an arm wrestling competition. We won 2000 gold and a magic shield. The bar fight wasn't much of a fight because Ollie scared the shit out of most of the attackers and they ran away. We ended up bonding with the owner and he helped us come up with a name for our adventuring group. We are "The Wasted".
# Black Ops Ollie
[[Oleander Nightwood|Ollie]] noticed that her holy symbol of Sheela (who she thought to be her god) looked different, it wasn't a holy symbol to Sheela anymore and was to a different God who she didn't recognize. She learned a neat spell called dreamwalk and used it to speak to her new God. He told her to meet him in Crookwater. She also spoke to Sarafell and they shared a wholesome moment and he promised never to lie to her again (Daryll and Yoohan still don't believe that Sarafell exists). Fast forward to the [[Temple of Ilmater]] in Crookwater where she spoke to the clerics there and told them basically everything that has happened in her life relating to the Gods and they kinda though Ollie was crazy (especially when she mentioned that Ilmater spoke to her directly). She prayed at the temple of Ilmater and he showed up again and they had a long conversation. She learns that she is not a Cleric but that thats ok. He knew Ollie could not be faithful to him as it would limit her power and potential so thats why he sent Sarafell instead. She learned that Sarafell is the one granting her powers (basically that she's a warlock but still acting in the name of Ilmater). She learned that multiple Gods vied for the right to her devotion when she was born (he said every so often a mortal is born with great potential and the Gods barter and trade for them) and Ilmater traded everything to get her. Ollie was a bit overwhelmed by all of this and didn't ask a ton of questions about why the Gods wanted her specifically.
# The "Gem Shop"
We went to a gem shop to buy components for ollie, the owner ([[Reshki]]) was cool and kinda scary and a bunch happened but ultimately daryl traded a card reading for an item and we got a scroll of true resurrection for Yoohan's brother.
# Durgen
We're looking for this guy durgen who makes magic watercraft boats he went missing after he went to crookwater to get this magic stuff they use on the boats. We have the name of the alchemist he purchased it from. Durgen is the person who can probably tell us where to find the Eye
# Yoohan's Family
# Suspicious history of Crookwater
# The Forgotten Gods
In the city of Black Bog we went into an old temple to 3 forgotten Gods and Ollie prayed. Three creepy skeletons appeared and say "help us remember who we once were" and an effigy appeared. Ollie agreed to help, took the effigy and they bowed to us then disappeared. There's something weird with the frogs songs being louder and the effigy humming. We haven't done anything with this since getting to Crookwater.
